[metallb] Add metallb module usage example (#2833)
deckhouse/deckhouse: modules/402-ingress-nginx/docs/USAGE.md

    value: frontend
```

## An example for Bare metal (Behind external load balancer, e.g. Cloudflare, Qrator, Nginx+, Citrix ADC, Kemp, etc.)

```yaml
apiVersion: deckhouse.io/v1
kind: IngressNginxController
metadata:
  name: main
spec:
  ingressClass: nginx
  inlet: HostPort
  hostPort:
    httpPort: 80
    httpsPort: 443
    behindL7Proxy: true
```

## An example for Bare metal (MetalLB Load Balancer)

> MetalLB is currently available only in EE version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `metallb` module is currently available only in the Enterprise Edition version.
```
